everybody welcome back your dreams with
your chicken and welcome okay you get
the idea we're gonna do as asel greed
because we can do as asel greed and I'll
show you our seed here our zaidel seed
VMC b22 NP this is not the most a lot of
money and the luck do we've to luck and
twenty four cents from our first room
that's madness
so oh my god we got thirty cents in free
money to start this right now no machine
unfortunately no reroll machine I should
say but still it's pretty solved do kind
of bomb out it this is like so great to
start with let me come in here and it's
okay yeah it probably is aggregate gonna
contribute you know a decent amount of
money over the course of this run which
is important the whole point is to win
greedy your mode and then we unlock
Lilith and I think it's every character
except the lost in the keeper on much so
again those usually come much later but
for now look at this it's like just
every possible role has come to a good
head for us here I'm going to try it - a
heart so it's not what we were looking
for but I figured for five cents it's
not a bad deal so you know the drill
here essentially every time we can use
our Wooden Nickel we're going to use our
Wooden Nickel now we can run like a
pretty easy analysis they're like 10
waves on every floor we'd expect 50% of
them to payout to five extra cents per
floor and then add in the chance that we
could get a nickel out of it let's say
like we're probably going to average 6
cents per floor just for holding and
using this item it's not a ton pardon me
congestion there it's not a ton it's
something
combine that with a chance to maybe get
luck upgrades out of it I think this
could have like a deceptively valuable
impact over the course of this entire
run not quite you know shears leveled
but you know what is in today's modern
world I probably I don't intend to buy
anything else on the rest of this floor
quite a lot of money right off the bat
though 46 cents we don't care about
pills is the thing and we don't really
care about using bombs to find secret
rooms I'd rather just get them for free
we can afford to be a little picky about
it because we know on the next floor you
know it's not like there's limited
supply on the next floor we're probably
going to be able to self-select
things that we actually want as a result
of the fact that there's more likely to
be a reroll machine than not be a really
sheen now the problem we had in our last
run as the days old we won but we didn't
win as asel it manifested itself after
the deal with the devil so we probably
no matter what the deal with the devil
is I think we just want to avoid it here
hopefully we get lucky and it's like
just a regular old like Krampus deal or
something like that
just because our HP is bad
so if it's a truly amazing item well
actually you know what we kind of put
ourselves in a situation where I just
can't take it unless it gives us HP so
you know something like the pact would
be amazing right now and we would we
would go for it and probably try to make
it work but anything else we just can't
afford without dying probably so I think
it is worth our it's worth noting we
kind of adhere to our strategy
accidentally so let's see what we got
it is two items we can't take Carol
cloth is lovely I would be I mean I'd be
tempted to take the nail honestly - but
there's neither one is is good enough
like literally on an objective level to
keep us alive so we're just going to
bounce instead now Kirsten the blind
dangerous especially when we do want to
be spending on this floor eco lies okay
if we can get some invincibility
breakfast is like free deal with the
devil pickups
and I mean I'm glad we have HP so we can
do a little of this and little this as
well and maybe get something paid out
sorry buddy he lived I don't mean
there's any reason not to buy seven cent
items come on
let's buy the seven cent item potato
peeler it's not actually terrible but
obviously as you might expect it's not
exactly what we're looking for
[Music]
I'll keep spending this is not that bad
to spend six cents to get a potential
deal with the devil item is completely
okay nine cents maybe we were waiting on
some HP now instead you know what just
use the two of Hearts which we got for
free chaos every run apparently is now a
chaos run in our world
lots of seven cent items very thankful
for that you paid out you paid out a
Book of Shadows probably really really
good with e.coli so let's use potato
peeler to get as orbital which
synergizes as well grab this spelunker
set sprinkler fun item potato peelers a
little better here Sacred Heart Sacred
Heart copies collar dude this was like a
ten out of ten area already that's
absurd
we've actually like completely changed
the tone of this run right now so I am
going to preserve my HP by doing this
it'll take us a couple extra waves here
but do I need to point out we have a
Sacred Heart and mini brimstone right
now this is like 10 out of 10 and this
is again like a problem I have agreed
mode is that it's kind of like I don't
want to say that every run is the same
but there are like some common elements
to essentially every greed mode run that
compromised its replayability a little
bit we should probably not play it like
zero percent of the time but
you do run into a little bit of the same
stuff over and over you might as well
just finish this off here you know we
got so much damage we can walk into
enemies without them being able to do
anything to us
kill them basically just by contacting
them or coming into contact with them
rather this is probably pretty close to
an unbeatable run at the present moment
and for this to happen on the floor with
curse of the blind is kind of ridiculous
but they lucky up so we had to deal with
the angel with the old the angel has
given us a HP which is completely fine
and it's not like we need key pieces so
I honestly think we should keep buying
$0.07 items as long as they keep
presenting them Cuba meets totally fine
here odd mushroom is good ham II said is
actually perhaps even better than Book
of Shadows book of Belial at least takes
us closer to bookworm and sister Maggie
was not worth it really but I mean we
should go Tami's head right it's again a
little a little say me but kind of so be
it like we've created a run that's
absurd and this is good you know we can
we can actually get Lilith unlock and
Lilith is a character there's before
Lilith is the character that I have
basically like never played as willingly
except for when she first got introduced
to the game to there's some good items
in here so might be might be fun to give
ourselves some Lilith runs and remind
ourselves of what it takes to win as
Lilith we basically have guppy that'll
be our first pick up there unless we
just got it right there but I'd like to
get all of the items that are on display
as you might expect that might not be
plausible but so he basically traded a
synergy that was amazingly good against
enemies for a synergy that's amazingly
good against bosses or single-target
foes whatever you want to call them
it's a little silly of me there and I if
I'm being real with you I sort of regret
it here because we had an almost
guarantee that we were never going to
get hit previously that's gone away in
favor of a synergy we've seen many times
but you like Tammy's head Brimstone's
like one of the immutable laws of Isaac
like if you see if you take it
especially if you can get guppy out of
it and the shears is also amazing this
you know is in the running for I think
best best chaos I've ever had especially
considering again I got chaos
accidentally as a result of persons of
blind like it's ten out of ten but yet
meanwhile I'd said maybe a monster mend
I mean I'm getting bitter at this play
but you know I remember I was like maybe
monster Manuel should be a little bit
better like allow you to use it once per
room and people were like now I would
make green mode too easy okay but chaos
allows you to become guppy on the second
floor everything yeah but that's
different in some arbitrary way that I
can't represent because you're using me
as a straw man right now which is not
really productive NL you're really being
overly reductive with respect to the
entire situation you know what I respect
that I should have met you on the
playing field as equals instead of
taking an air of superiority right off
the bat that's a bad habit and I
apologize no problem okay everybody does
it from time to time as a shorthand to
make their argument seem better than it
actually is you know what it's been a
pleasure talking to you that's because I
am you what Tyler Durden Fight Club - we
just wrote it funded I I think I have a
least favorite genre of movie and it's
taken me a while to realize it but I
watch Zoolander too you know
six months ago something like that I
hate it I like Zoolander one I didn't
love it but I was like it's like a six
and a half seven I'm okay with that
and I know you're going to say you
weren't there whenever I saw it in
theaters when it released okay we need
anything here there reroll machine there
is a reroll machine
I saw Jude Lander - I thought it was one
of the worst movies I've ever seen bar
none I thought it was horrible I hated
almost every second of it we already
have homing tiers I think this is like
five cents well-spent and then I'll be
the first to tell you I think that's
worth it I I'm not a hole we need that
and then maybe just start saving at this
point uh we got HBO go or HBO Canada
recently so we could watch Game of
Thrones and that came with in Canada
came with the movie network as a way to
justify the absurd price point we're
basically paying like four dollars a
week to watch one television show it's a
little too far but anyway we buying
anything else in here so I like to put
on like mindless stuff in the background
while I'm doing programming so I just
put on the movie Network last night and
I watched a live free or die hard which
I haven't seen since 2007 and I was like
this movie is like absolutely just okay
should you see live free or die hard is
it on how frictionless is the ability
for you to watch it dude we got to check
out a new trinket hahaha what a
coincidence I can't even tell you what
it's a coincidence for because it would
be a spoiler so we're if you if it's on
and you don't have to do much effort to
watch it why not dude why not give it a
shot so check this out I'm going to try
this on for size we're going to open
that yeah I don't really like butter as
an item so we're going to use our
rerolls here get a bomb and what makes
you larger pill not what we're looking
for so let's just save our money we're
actually in a great spot we might want
to check this just because we can
without being in a bad place
and I guess we'll go to our secret room
as well and hope that it's not a while
that was closed not an internal heart
after live free and die hard Bad Santa -
was on I watched it and it was like I
hated actually even more so than
Zoolander - which there was some moments
in it where I was like this has a good
heart
Bad Santa - Bad Santa one which you know
hereafter referred to as bad Santa is a
movie about a deplorable human being who
has by the end of that movie he's come
to appreciate family in his own unique
and messed-up way
Bad Santa - is just like you know a
bunch of Hollywood executives got in the
room and we're like what if the worst
human being on planet Earth
was surrounded by the other worst human
beings on planet Earth for like 90
minutes it's unfathomably cynical and
just the whole movie is just one liners
look hey want to go get some lunch ah
your vagina smells like an old tuna can
and then you're like you laugh track and
like it's just it's just heinous cynical
filmmaking so I think my least favorite
genre movie right now is like nostalgic
sequels I actually like I kind of like
Bad Santa one which is not a
controversial opinion there's a reason
it got a sequel you know 15 years after
the original came out the Bad Santa -
made me want to die dude it's just like
the worst thing it didn't make me want
to die that's too fun but I'll spend
three cents on this that's okay we still
got to be green so I might have worked
out
the talent that they have in that movie
is absurd Kathy Bates I believe she has
an Oscar
I'm not going to begrudge her being in
Bad Santa too because you know
essentially if you wanted to know how I
would be in Hollywood
I would sell out in a heartbeat you know
everyone thinks when they go to
Hollywood they would be if they were an
actor or an actress they'd be like I'm
Tilda Swinton I only take amazing ten
out of ten roles
yeah well there's like eight Tilda
Swinton's on planet Earth there's Tilda
Swinton Cate Blanchett I'm not convinced
yet that they're not exactly the same
person
both have roles in the Marvel Cinematic
Universe right now so the plot thickens
but anyway how do we not get it there I
want to preserve this never mind you
know I'm trying to think of like other
Hollywood actresses you can choose any
role they want and and like primarily
only do stuff that's like good I don't
know Vera Farmiga or something like that
either way the point is in the Anne
Hathaway fits that bill now come a long
way since the Princess Diaries - what
this was just that it just ended that's
lovely
a bomb will probably pay for itself if
we can get one but you know what to
spend three cents get the heck out of
here I think we're ready to fight green
still like a bomb but that's okay uh
wonder if that's what the whole tour
knows keeps the oh maybe it keeps the
dad mega satan door open I will also say
that by not liking Bad Santa - you
really do I recognizes 100% I've opened
myself up to the idea like Oh what was
the movie - offensive for you
no it's like I say offensive things all
the time sometimes intentionally and
sometimes not but I you know I like to
think I'm not saying I'm better than the
collective talent you know at work on
- however I try to make it like clever
you know the joke can't just be you
can't say that the jokes got to be like
it's funny and it's funny enough that
he's okay with making himself look like
a bad person sort of I can't just be
like man did you put a stick of butter
up your butt because your farts smell
like popcorn you know that's just that's
just wafer-thin humor like either way
Christina Hendricks from Mad Men is in
that movie she plays a charity owner who
is married to a jerk she sleeps with
Billy Bob Thornton in like two seconds
and not I'm not trying to be you know
sex negative here at all
yeah I know the first reaction every
time about some of this maybe her
husband or in an open marriage
now they're both cheating on each
other's the thing they're terrible
people but like Billy Bob Thornton has
done nothing in this movie to warrant
anybody having a good opinion of him
like he is drunk all the time while
working as a charity he beats up another
Santa just just to be a jerk basically
and then also because that santa may or
may not be a pedophile but again it's
just something the movie is like not
really interested in exploring at all
it's more just like Billy Bob Thornton's
gonna punch you in the head anyway she
takes him to an Alcoholics Anonymous
meeting where he proceeds to just not
exhibit any character growth at all
which I understand is part of the Bad
Santa formula that he's never going to
change
um and then after it he's like I'd
really like to you know put my straw in
your tank and she goes that's gross get
out of the car it's ten minutes later
she drives up and goes actually let's do
it and then he just has intercourse with
her in an alley it's it's completely
unearned both from a romantic sense and
from a from a cinematic sense and if
you're going to NL if so naive that's
how the world works no it's not
Christina Hendricks is not going to go
around Navin
but intercourse with the homeless
alcoholic duty in an alley in the bus
naked in the middle of the Chicago
winter this is where people go it's just
a movie
no but the movie has to make sense and
play by the rules that have any
coherence whatsoever and so like the
first bad Santa is like this guy is but
grudgingly he has a heart
despite being terrible the second bad
Santa is like here's three sociopaths
special shopkeepers heck yet anyway I
don't want to talk about what they do to
the the kid from the first bad Santa in
Bad Santa - they gave them like a
frontal lobotomy or something like that
anyway don't watch Bad Santa to watch
live for your die hard instead which are
both like exactly okay well no one of
them is okay one of them is terrible
anyway bit of a shorter episode today
but thanks for watching I hope you
enjoyed it we accomplished something
important we unlock Lilith and we
donated a lot of money if you did enjoy
it click the like button help set a
great deal of course subscribe you won't
see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I will see you
next time